#!/bin/bash

rand_seed=10
save_dir=0507
group_num=5
num_batches=250
pre_max_epoch=80
ft_max_epoch=80
dataset=prostate
comm_cmd=" -n ${dataset} "

source ./_run_semi "${save_dir}" "${comm_cmd}" "${rand_seed}" "${num_batches}" "${ft_max_epoch}"

function run_null_checkpoint {
  run_mt "" null ""
  run_udaiic "" null ""
  run_entropy "" null ""
}

function run_baseline {
  set -e pipefail
  python run_infonce_pretrain.py ${comm_cmd} --save_dir ${save_dir} -b ${num_batches} -s ${rand_seed} --time=2 \
    baseline -e ${ft_max_epoch}
}

function run_neurips {
  ###### multitask
  python run_infonce_pretrain.py ${comm_cmd} --save_dir ${save_dir} -b ${num_batches} -s ${rand_seed} --time=4 \
    infonce --global_features Conv5 --global_importance 1 --contrast_on partition -g=${group_num} \
    -pe ${pre_max_epoch} -fe ${ft_max_epoch}
  #
  python run_infonce_pretrain.py ${comm_cmd} --save_dir ${save_dir} -b ${num_batches} -s ${rand_seed} --time=4 \
    infonce --global_features Conv5 --global_importance 1 --contrast_on patient -g=${group_num} \
    -pe ${pre_max_epoch} -fe ${ft_max_epoch}

  python run_infonce_pretrain.py ${comm_cmd} --save_dir ${save_dir} -b ${num_batches} -s ${rand_seed} --time=4 \
    infonce --global_features Conv5 --global_importance 1 --contrast_on self -g=${group_num} \
    -pe ${pre_max_epoch} -fe ${ft_max_epoch}
}

function run_selfpaced {
  python run_infonce_pretrain.py ${comm_cmd} --save_dir ${save_dir} -b ${num_batches} -s ${rand_seed} --time=4 \
    selfpaced --global_features Conv5 --global_importance 1 --contrast_on partition -g=${group_num} \
    -pe ${pre_max_epoch} -fe ${ft_max_epoch} --begin_value $1 --end_value $2 --method $3 --scheduler_type=$4

  python run_infonce_pretrain.py ${comm_cmd} --save_dir ${save_dir} -b ${num_batches} -s ${rand_seed} --time=4 \
    selfpaced --global_features Conv5 --global_importance 1 --contrast_on patient -g=${group_num} \
    -pe ${pre_max_epoch} -fe ${ft_max_epoch} --begin_value $1 --end_value $2 --method $3 --scheduler_type=$4

}

# baseline
run_baseline

# neurips baseline
run_neurips

# other semi baseline
run_null_checkpoint

# soft
run_selfpaced 5 50 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 5 60 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 5 70 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 5 80 soft inversesquare

run_selfpaced 4.5 50 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 4.5 60 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 4.5 70 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 4.5 80 soft inversesquare

run_selfpaced 4 50 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 4 60 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 4 70 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 4 80 soft inversesquare

run_selfpaced 3.5 50 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 3.5 60 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 3.5 70 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 3.5 80 soft inversesquare

run_selfpaced 3 50 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 3 60 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 3 70 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 3 80 soft inversesquare

run_selfpaced 2.5 50 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 2.5 60 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 2.5 70 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 2.5 80 soft inversesquare

run_selfpaced 2 50 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 2 60 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 2 70 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 2 80 soft inversesquare

run_selfpaced 1.5 50 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 1.5 60 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 1.5 70 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 1.5 80 soft inversesquare

run_selfpaced 1 50 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 1 60 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 1 70 soft inversesquare
run_selfpaced 1 80 soft inversesquare
